# [Home](./index.html)  -  [Research](./research.html) - [Bio](./bio.html)

# Research

**Authority and Delegation in Online Communities** ([JMP](./JMP.pdf))  
Many online platforms rely on user-generated content and need to incentivize free effort. In this paper, I investigate if users provide more and better quality contributions when endowed with more autonomy over actions. Using a dynamic discrete choice model, I show that control rights have positive marginal value that is heterogeneous across different types of users, where types are ex-ante identifiable by the platform. I simulate counterfactuals with different delegation designs. Results show that the platform would lose an important share of production and quality of content in absence of delegation, specifically due to the responses of certain groups of users.

**Communication Costs, Incentives and Effort Decision**  
This project aims at bridging the literature on strategic information transmission with the team theoretic literature of constrained language, where incentives are perfectly aligned but the message space is bounded. I build a simple model of pairwise communication with endogenous effort decisions, exogenous cost of language, and degree of incentive alignment and derive a set of predictions on optimal effort and equilibrium quality of communication. In order to test these predictions, I exploit the introduction of websites for languages different from English on a question-and-answering platform and compare the behavior of non-English speaking users before and after the introduction. Preliminary results are consistent with the model and show that the quality of communication improves when writers use their first language.

**Information Transmission and Organizational Form: Evidence from the Enron Corporation**  
Organizational design is often meant to reduce inefficiencies in information transmissions within the organization. Building on the theoretical predictions of Crémer, Garicano, and Prat (2007), I exploit data from the Enron scandal to study how the information flows depend on the hierarchy structure. I match a large database of emails from employees of the Enron corporation with data recovering the position in the company for 2800 employees, which allows to observe variation both in the cross-section and in time-series for the communication structure of the divisions. I find that workers in higher positions of the hierarchy use larger vocabularies and broader messages, supporting the hypothesis that they adopt a role of intermediation between specialized divisions.

**Market power and conservative bias in professional advice** *with Astrid Hopfensitz (TSE) and Elena Panova (TSE)*  
A sizable literature on reputational cheap-talk suggests that professional advisors may confirm the common priors regardless of their true opinion, so as to appear "smart" and thereby increase the future demand for advice. We run an experiment to investigate whether- and to which extent confirming the common priors helps increasing demand for advice and whether- and how the answer depends on adviser market power.
*[The implementation of the experiment has been postponed due to the health crisis]*
